When first I tasted the fruit of the Trees, felt the seeds of Life and Knowledge, burn within me, I swore that day that I would not turn back. When first I tasted the flesh of the kill, felt the tang of the blood, and the crunch of the bones, I swore that day I would not die. When first I tasted my own blood, felt the surge and the stir, of my own life on my lips, I swore that day to love myself, above all.
When first I tasted the salt of the sea, felt my blood become water, as the sky fell behind me, I swore that day to descend, and to return with wonders. When first I tasted the love of a child, screamed with the joy of the new life and wept for what I had lost and gained, I swore that day to nurture life, as I had embraced death before. I swear by three times three times three, That these seven moments shall remain my own.
Once, all was silence and stillness. This was the Time of Nothing, when the Ancient One rested Its eyes and moved not. Every 55,555 years, the Ancient One, breaks Its rest and opens Its eyes, to see what was not there before. Each 55,555 years, It closes Its eyes, and all becomes silence and stillness again.
Then the Ancient One opened Its eyes for the 333rd time, and a bolt of Light split the darkness. Thence came [Jehovah] and the other Shining Ones. To delight the eyes of the Ancient One, they Spoke great Words and sang great Songs, and thence wove the world into being. Upon the shells of the 332 Old Worlds did they tread; and the creatures of those worlds did howl and loose themselves upon the wilderness.
And Jehovah, the Firstborn, raised the greatest Garden of them all in the land between the rivers. And He grew two Trees within that Garden, the Tree of Life and the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. And each Tree  bore fruit with sevenfold seeds, and each seed carried the great truths of the Shining Ones.
 Jehovah named His creatures “Ish,” or “Adam,” and “Lilitu,” or “Lilith”; and He bestowed upon them great Gifts. To the male, gave He the powers of Shaping and Naming; to the female, gave He the powers of Fertility and Intuition. Raised as they were from the True Earth and the seeds of the Trees, the man and woman could see and adore the works of Jehovah, and He was much pleased.
 But Lilith did not believe Jehovah; but neither did she test Him.
But she hungered for those fruits, for she was a creation of strong will.
When fruit fell from the Trees, she ate of it, and lo her eyes were opened.
She was naked, and was not ashamed of it. And she became like unto a Shining One, like unto Jehovah; but she did not understand how to be like Him, and so she waited and watched. Lilith sought to teach Adam the ways of the plants, but he cared not; she watched him at the hunt, and she made tools to help her; and bade the wolf and the lion and the owl to follow her. Thus did Lilith excel at the arts of hunting and food-gathering. Adam was wroth, and put himself far from her.
He took her there in Heaven, and He knew her as a mate. For seven days and seven nights, she sat upon His lap and He sat within hers. And their coupling was like unto the storm; and both of them were satisfied. And love grew between Jehovah and Lilith, like the fruits of the Tree of Life. But He could not bear to share His power and knowledge. Lilith said, “We are now as we should be, equals above all others.” Hearing this, Jehovah became jealous, as had His creation Adam.
Far away from the lands of Jehovah, she found that great expanse which is the Endless Sea. When she reached it, Lilith threw herself into that Sea, and she did swim to the bottom of it; and did become as one of its own creatures; and she did lie with them, as Adam had with the beasts of the Garden; and she did hunt them, as she had in the Garden, until she was sated.
When she arose from that Sea, her dark skin had turned to amber and her hair had become black as pitch. Her eyes were as the surface of that Sea, and they danced like the moon upon those waters. But she could not create a Garden like the place of Jehovah; and she ground her teeth in jealousy. Although she could craft great wonders and gave birth to many strange beasts, Lilith was not satisfied.
And Lilith said unto him, “Who art thou, that guardest the Garden of the Firstborn?” “I am the Light and Darkness,” Lucifer replied. “Thou art beautiful in my sight,” said Lilith, and she spoke truly; For he is a polished staff, a stout tree shaped into contours pleasing to the eye; and his skin is the burnished gold, and his eyes the color of the moon. His breath is the breeze of a lotus; and his touch is like unto a whisper.
To Lilith, He said, “Thou hast tasted the Wine of Immortality, so thou shalt never die, but endure evermore, until the closing of the eyes of the Ancient One, even as do I; and thou shalt perish at that time. And because thou hast spurned my love, thou shalt love none other, though thou might strive to do so. And thy womb shall overflow with children, but they shall love thee not, nor be a part of thee; and thine eyes shall see at night, but be blinded by the day; and thy skin shalt crack in the sun of thy false love Lucifer; and shall heal under the light of the moon only. Thou hast become a Shining One, but thy light shall shine only by night.” To both of them, He said, “Ye shall be the Reapers of the Fields. And your blades of True Earth shall cut short the lives of Adam and Eve, and all their kind.”
In the Formless Lands I raised a garden to myself, Uniting worlds and words and blood into a bramble. With a mother’s care I birthed a sea of fresh and tangled roots, Of blood-blossom, flowers and charcoal stalks. And it glowed as I glowed Beneath the moon. Ahi hay Lilitu I raised a garden out of emptiness And fruit from barren soil. In my mantle of the night, I swept across it and watered it, with blood. Ahi hay Lilitu, I raised a garden out of emptiness, And fruit from barren soil
As my love carried the sun, I met a broken man, A farmer with no crops to tend, A father without get, a child without sires, And I was amazed, for he bore no signs of godhood, But wandered in the dust like a lesser beast. He bore the marks of Adam, He bore the pallor of Eve, He bore the scars of the One Above, And he wept, for all these he had lost. Ahi hay Lilitu, All these he had lost. I called out to him, and he answered, In a voice like snapping twigs. “I am Lilith,” said I; “I am Caine,” said he, And I pitied him, Yet I hated him
Come, descend, ye spirits of shells, Ye friends of broken light! Come and embrace the gift of Caine, I call for death, I will for death.
Tremble, O you childer of Caine, Tremble, O you children of Seth, Mother is coming, Mother is here. With her lessons of madness, And hands full of blood, She comes to make the world anew, And her chariot is pain and horror. The crystal is broken, the demons are free. The crystal is broken, the demons are free. The waters rise. The waters rise. Weep, O you children of immortals, For your unlives shall be as the shells broken, By the lightning of each new world. All this shall pass away. Weep, O you Pharisees and priests, For your god is a lie and his promises are empty rags. All this shall pass away. Weep, O you grain-fed maggots, Squirming in the basket of bread, For your bellies are splitting with the feast, And a storm of flies is coming. All this shall pass away. Weep, O you sullen nightmares, For the dancing gods of flickering screens shall lead you to oblivion. Mother is coming, Mother is here.
The cities of the West will blaze with rage, And a great wheel from the East, From the formless lands, Will crush them! On the last night, When the moon is a sliver of darkness, Comes the final embrace! Shine black the sun! Shine black the moon! The waters rise! Ahi hay Lilitu!
