And We have certainly created man and We know what his soul whispers to him, and We are closer to him than his jugular vein. When the two receivers receive, seated on the right and on the left, he does not utter any word except that with him is an observer prepared.
Indeed, those who have believed and done righteous deeds - We will surely settle them in Paradise, lofty dwellings beneath which rivers flow, wherein they will abide forever. Excellent is the reward for the righteous workers.
Say, 'It has been revealed to me that a group of the jinn listened and said, "Indeed, we have heard an amazing Qur'an. It guides to the right course, and we have believed in it. And we will never associate with our Lord anyone.
Do they not see that Allah, who created the heavens and the earth, and did not tire in their creation, is able to give life to the dead? Yes, indeed, He is over all things competent.
Whoever does righteousness, whether male or female, while he is a believer, We will surely cause him to live a good life, and We will surely give them their reward in the Hereafter according to the best of what they used to do.
And when My servants ask you concerning Me, indeed I am near. I respond to the invocation of the supplicant when he calls upon Me. So let them respond to Me and believe in Me that they may be rightly guided.
And do not think of those who have been killed in the way of Allah as dead. Rather, they are alive with their Lord, receiving provision, rejoicing in what Allah has bestowed upon them of His bounty.
And it is He who sends the winds as good tidings before His mercy, and We send down pure water from the sky that We may bring to life thereby a dead land and give it as drink to those We created of numerous livestock and men.
Indeed, Allah will not change the condition of a people until they change what is in themselves. But when Allah intends for a people misfortune, there is no repelling it. And they have not besides Him any patron.
And do not walk upon the earth exultantly. Indeed, you will never tear the earth [apart], and you will never reach the mountains in height. All that - its evil is ever, in the sight of your Lord, detested.
And among His signs is that He created for you from yourselves mates that you may find tranquility in them; and He placed between you affection and mercy. Indeed, in that are signs for a people who give thought.
Indeed, the example of Jesus to Allah is like that of Adam. He created him from dust; then He said to him, 'Be,' and he was. The truth is from your Lord, so do not be among the doubters.
And establish prayer and give zakah and bow with those who bow [in worship and obedience]. Do you order righteousness of the people and forget yourselves while you recite the Scripture? Then will you not reason?
And We have certainly honored the children of Adam and carried them on the land and sea and provided for them of the good things and preferred them over much of what We have created, with [definite] preference.
Indeed, Allah is my Lord and your Lord, so worship Him. That is the straight path. But the factions differed concerning Jesus, so woe to those who disbelieved - from the scene of a tremendous Day.
Say, 'Are those who know equal to those who do not know?' Only they will remember [who are] people of understanding. Say, 'O My servants who have believed, fear your Lord. For those who do good in this world is good, and the earth of Allah is spacious.
And We have enjoined upon man to his parents good treatment. His mother carried him with hardship and gave birth to him with hardship, and his gestation and weaning period is thirty months.
Say, 'Indeed, my prayer, my rites of sacrifice, my living and my dying are for Allah, Lord of the worlds. No partner has He. And this I have been commanded, and I am the first [among you] of the Muslims.
And We certainly sent Noah to his people, and he said, 'O my people, worship Allah; you have no deity other than Him. Indeed, I fear for you the punishment of a tremendous Day.
