There will come a time, when the heads of three Princes, will watch the burning of the dawn on a pillar of white, There will come a time when an ancient hunger, will awaken deep in the northern woods and consume all her childer.
There will come a time, when the Curse of the One Above will not be tolerated further, when the Lineage of Caine will end, When the Blood of Caine will be weak and there will be no Embracing, for these Childer, for their blood will run like water, and the Potence in it will wither. Then, you know in this time that Gehenna will soon be upon you.
And they asked Caine the old Father, "Why do you command us to not Embrace those we love?” And Caine said to them, "Love is the sweet rain which falls down from the One Above. Love is the gift of life. Remember ye not Auriel's Curse? That we are to eat only ashes, drink only blood? Blood is not sweet rain. Our drink takes Life." And then Caine's eyes got the look of Visions, and he quieted, then he spoke: "But if ever one of us is gifted with the love of a mortal without Command or Awe, without compulsion, a Love given freely, then that Love will be as the gentle rain to even the lowliest of us. And though we shall not Embrace it, it will feed us as if we supped at our Father`s table, it will satisfy our deepest thirst. But barken ye, my children! The Children of Seth will always hate us again and again, for we are their predators we are their Masters and they know this. deep in their soul. Look not for Love among them! They will not give it. Be not a fool."
Mark these signs, they are coming! Gehenna will be on earth. Mark the shadow which flies mark the dragon which rises, mark the darkness which moves, mark the shadow of the moon, mark the angel that dies, mark the maiden who weeps, mark the children, Embraced, mark the Clanless who run.
Go not to the Clan of the Rose for advice, for they will give no single answer.
Watch Gangrel, and when they are uneasy leave.
The first to die in any Jyhad are Nosferatu.
Bless those who fight our natural enemies. Keep safe the water-bearer, the builder, the undertaker. These are not to be prey.
Let not the priest, poet, or peasant see you feed. Not one of them will leave it be.
Let Honor be your shield, your sword, and your cloak: let Ventrue save face, and you will go far.
To rid yourself of an enemy, outlive him.
Vengeance is best when the blood is still hot.
Know that in all times there will be Caesar: pay him his due.
You are my Childer: alone among the rest of existence, you are my only companions, forever will we be locked in the way that fathers are bonded to their sons and sons to their fathers.
The Moon-Beasts, the ones-who-change, they are the Oldest of all, before my Father they roamed the lands. Tarry not in the path of them, Avoid them, they are set upon us like wolves in the sheepfold. For we are of one kind, and they another. Beware their sacred ground, walk softly through their wilderness. Their bite is as our bite, Their claws are as our claws, Tarry not in the path of them, they are of one kind, and we are another.
Mark ye that a Mortal who, marked with the Power of another Cainite, does a thing, yea verily He does it as if that Childe of Caine did it, and that Kindred will pay the price of crime or retribution, just as he had done the thing, for in this way, there is an  Accounting to be made, and the Children of Seth not be merely swords in the hands of dark strangers.
The Thirteen saw their city destroyed and their power extinguished, And they were forced to flee, their Progeny along with them. But many were killed in the flight, for they had grown weak. With their authority gone, all were free create their own Broods, And soon there were many new Kindred, Who ruled across the face of the Earth. But this could not last.
She used her powers and commanded me to stop.
Because of her power, I heeded her, but deep within me a seed was planted a seed of rebellion and when she turned her face from me, I opened myself up once more, to the Night, and saw the infinite possibilities in the stars and knew that a path of power, a path of Blood was mine for the taking, and so I awakened in me this Final Path, from which all other paths would grow.
And then, through dread Uriel God Almighty cursed me, saying, "Then, for as long as you walk this earth, you and your children will cling to Darkness You will drink only blood, You will eat only ashes,You will be always as you were at death, Never dying, living on. You will walk forever in Darkness, all you touch will crumble into nothing, until the last days.”
I cried tears of love as I, with sharp things, sacrificed that which was the first part of my joy, my brother. And the Blood of Abel covered the altar and smelled sweet as it burned But my Father said ‘Cursed are you, Caine, who killed your brother.  As I was cast out so shall you be.’ And He exiled me to wander in Darkness, the land of Nod. I flew into the Darkness. I saw no source of light and I was afraid. And alone.
